tidb: add the description for `tidb_enable_auto_analyze_priority_queue` (#16730)
pingcap/docs: statistics.md

| [`tidb_auto_analyze_start_time`](/system-variables.md#tidb_auto_analyze_start_time) | `00:00 +0000` | The start time in a day when TiDB can perform automatic update |
| [`tidb_auto_analyze_end_time`](/system-variables.md#tidb_auto_analyze_end_time)   | `23:59 +0000` | The end time in a day when TiDB can perform automatic update |
| [`tidb_auto_analyze_partition_batch_size`](/system-variables.md#tidb_auto_analyze_partition_batch_size-new-in-v640) | `1` | The number of partitions that TiDB automatically analyzes when analyzing a partitioned table (that is, when automatically updating statistics on a partitioned table) |

> | [`tidb_enable_auto_analyze_priority_queue`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_auto_analyze_priority_queue-new-in-v800) | `ON` | Controls whether to enable priority queue for automatic statistics update. When you enable it, it ensures that more valuable objects for collection are processed first, such as newly created indexes and partitioned tables with partition changes. Less healthy objects tend to be placed at the front of the queue. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`tidb_enable_auto_analyze_priority_queue`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_auto_analyze_priority_queue-new-in-v800) | `ON` | Controls whether to enable the priority queue to schedule the tasks of automatically collecting statistics. When this variable is enabled, TiDB prioritizes collecting statistics for tables that are more valuable to collect, such as newly created indexes and partitioned tables with partition changes. Additionally, TiDB prioritizes tables with lower health scores, placing them at the front of the queue. |
```
